oh sorry dude nice Manny how old are you
man 38fff is so fucking tasty man i
can't wait you're helping bet expected
great try some come on just drive soon
I'm good hello mr. telephone tell me
what you see something in my ear control
of me hello mr. telephone
not working with me thank you cut your
own good way up breathing it's all good
man you never want to cut mom off got
some business man i'm just chillin man i
actually wanted to uh see talk to you
about an album cover by the release I up
next month and we're just trying to get
some illustrations done for it we have
some ideas but you know we were just
looking for somebody you know with a
dope hand and skills to help us put
together alright cool man so what's the
best way to for us to communicate our
ideas you want to do with the phone
conversation want to meet up or we're at
the studio now man if you want to come
by I suits you the URLs man and tomorrow
I guess we can have a more in-depth
conversation about exactly what we're
looking to get done in the time frame
we're trying to get it done in and then
you can kind of fit let us know how you
like to work and you know what it'll
take to get it done yup man I guess you
could hit me up at the same time and
we'll get it poppin I'm acidity URLs
right now
wanna jump around if I go Jeremy and
Maddie are officially in the booth
together here officially in the booth
who you internet what I'll do it tonight
we got a bunch of new shit going on and
we're just mclamb beautiful here cheer
Wow I'm drinking up my own natural ice
tonight step step up from natty lite
beer cheer pretty nasty but um we're
gonna be broadcasting live tuesday and
thursday nights in the weekdays all
around 1030-11 p.m. brother comes justin
TV / right time to dream and justin TV /
rice out of the tree tuesdays and
thursdays we have a new album coming out
next month november it can be called a
noble project so look out for that you
got five new music videos dropping your
next month you're the worst time for the
world if we have five new music video is
drawn before the next month so brand new
songs I'm just wanting her to spread
batteries going dead though is it yes
that's like it so empty but you taking
phone yeah but you missin so why you in
the business so just killing me